soap youtube today i'm going to show you
my modded attack shuttle my monitor up a
little bit no it's kind of the easiest
money could probably do to this alright
first off i'm going to show you
something that a lot of you are getting
confused by um i think a lot of you are
confused by people have been saying that
emperor palpatine shuttle is a little
better because the wings stay in one
place then this one I'm here to prove
that this one does too well depending
where you put it kind of yeah but it
doesn't really need that actually i just
want to show you that um so if you were
wondering just don't show you that
better than the Palpatine shuttle my
stuff this one's made to fit a lot of
clothes and that one is kind of
off-topic like what i mean is like um
they didn't make a right because they
made it as in like okay you know what as
in like Anakin's in there and transform
into our Vader in there he did it
transform into Darth Vader until he got
to UM con saw whatever until he got to
figure out what planet oh my god I
forgot my host or was on rotary yeah he
was supposed to transform in my medical
facility on course on remember that and
what they should have done was they
should have brought like might been like
le seven dollars but should have been
side they made like you know a little
like a thing to place him on like damn
like
that as you watched she watched her is
like to clone troopers I / Palpatine and
that the thing they put on Anakin on
that thing II forgot like a little bed
they did that like to clone troopers and
they should have done like not to clone
troopers um like to controvers Anakin
that beat up Anakin like you know and
then um Palpatine probably even a pilot
yeah and they made inside like you could
fit him on that thing like out a little
bed or rhetoric that floating bad they
had and then i'm nick blake two seats
for the clone troopers and like a gun
rack that be better and then like they
put a little ramp from the back and that
it might get it a little more price here
but it would be more you know a little
bit but i'm not here to talk about that
so I agita I'm not here I just told you
everything I wanted to tell you about
that but if they did that and they made
I like the least it would have been
thinking IRA price but would have been
better I've been a nicer come on I'd not
to shock troopers the red ones phase
three but yeah um modest basically too
small my lights out the big board so so
I would take like 10 minutes of your
time it just like sacraments talking
about that but first off and put a
sticker that you don't really have to
know I put this um thingy it's like
control panel I love to change the move
them for the dark trooper in there and
pile on there
open up the wings open up this oh no um
so yeah now for a clown's what now I've
got a little hole for the coal fires
because I really like that well not
really I caught a rapid fire where you
sit up to the switch phones probably fit
someone like and I think you can't fit a
little more what I was going to I might
do is I'm going to make like you know
enough space these eight I might like
make a little ramp that comes down when
it lands like this probably goes down on
the winds and you know they could just
come out I don't know I'm still kind of
thinking because it's kind of because
you don't really need these over here
but I'm like I'm going to if I do only
needs to be updated with that this is
basically the mod we have to do stakeout
everything everything is in like
everything recite except these 2 y 1 x
something breaks like 1 by 8 breaks I
think just leave those and then just
build off of that and make sure you put
the whole for this to come out all the
clothes that and I'm a little higher so
you can actually fit the clones heads I
think that has nothing to do with it
that's okay ma'am I'm oh yeah one thing
about that this beast insane if you're
making stopping your video and you want
it to fly your life like take them off
they look much better with that like
that no other wing down it'll look much
better like that you can see
so yeah just down flip this around down
here yeah it kind of looks messy but I
put this the bombs I left to and look
what it happens now um I put these
things to hold back the bombs so all you
have to do a quick advance do this
awesome it's kind of like all you have
to do is just push this over mom come
out by themselves of its flying sides or
you can just take this kima just happen
so you do like that one and like maybe
it's flying over something them boom
yeah make that special explosion um
he'll sit we'll keep you updated if I'm
at it again I was going to mall the
wings to make it i was going to audit
the wings a little bit but there's
really nothing tomorrow about the wings
just want even more original think its
original design just flake on the inside
and wait on the bottom I don't want to
mess up the outside because I think
outside looks amazingly like clothes
really really closely amazingly close to
the original version you see on TV I'll
be all right grab data guys peace out
it's legal or do you say here and yeah
check out my other videos comment rate
subscribe tell me what you want to see
how all this stuff which I have to pack
away by friday because my little cousin
is coming so yeah I this is not it I
actually have like two other boxes full
of other stuff these are just like
broken up stuff
ah yes didn't want to show you that but
whatever so listen for you say out